Add ConfigManager (#1160)
informalsystems/apalache: docs/src/apalache/running.md

```bash
$ apalache check [--config=filename] [--init=Init] [--cinit=ConstInit] \
    [--next=Next] [--inv=Inv] [--length=10] [--algo=(incremental|offline)] \
    [--discard-disabled] [--no-deadlock] \

>     [--tuning=filename] [--tune-here=options] \

Reviewer: Also, I would like to integrate the tuning options in this file.

## Detailed output

The location for detailed output is determined by the value of the `out-dir`
parameter, which specifies the path to a directory into which all Apalache
runs write their outputs (see [configuration instructions](config.md). 

Each run will produce a unique subdirectory inside its "namespace", derived from
the file name of the specification, using the following convention
`yyyy-MM-ddTHH-mm-ss_<UNIQUEID>`. 

For an example, consider using the default location of the `run-dir` for a run of
Apalache on a spec named `test.tla`. This will create a directory structuring matching following pattern:

```
./_apalache-out/
└── test.tla
    └── 2021-11-05T22-54-55_810261790529975561
```

> The default value for the `out-dir` is the `_apalahce-out` directory in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value for the `out-dir` is the `_apalache-out` directory in the
```

Author: Thanks!

current working directly. The subdirectory `test.tla` is derived from the name
of the spec on which the tool was run, and the run-specific subdirectory
`2021-11-05T22-54-55_810261790529975561` gives a unique location to write the
all the outputs produced by the run.

The tool only writes important messages on stdout, but a detailed log can be
found in the `detailed.log` in the run-specific subdirectory.

The directory also includes a file `run.txt`, reporting the command line
arguments used during the run.

Additionally, if the parameter `write-intermediate` is set to `true` (see
[configuration instructions](config.md)) each pass of the model checker produces

> an intermediate TLA+ file in the run-specific subdirectory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
intermediate TLA+ files in the run-specific subdirectory:
```
